Tabs and accordions widget set with CSS for Breakpoints (#4117)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.1/frontend-dev-guide/css-topics/theme-ui-lib.md

Variables starting with `@_` are private mixin variables used only in this mixin.
Variables starting with `@` (without the underscore) are global, and are listed in [`lib/web/css/source/lib/variables`].

> ## Tabs and accordions set with css {#docs}

Reviewer: Please remove the {#docs} anchor link.

> ## Tabs and accordions set with css {#docs}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Tabs and accordions set with CSS {#docs}
```

> The implementation of tabs (accordion) only on mobile view and rest of the content as Tabs on desktop. 

Reviewer: Use the accordion style for mobile and tab style for desktop.

> To achieve a nice and smooth effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve a nice and smooth effect.
```
Please delete the above line.

> To set tabs and accordions with css lib use of Breakpoints. like in the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set tabs and accordions using breakpoints, see the following example:
```
